and here this purest of pains and I for
a hopefully and if I was thinking this
will be the last video oh okay now the
last part we took it from the F chord
I just remember I don't think I've done
a mistake but maybe I'll check the video
on the F court know I taught a corrector
ok so here we're going to see court the
last part we've done
that's the little base we said and then
you're gonna play you see so part of a C
chord just the two fingers you're gonna
play the third string open to finish the
sentence so it's from the F chord
that completes that pattern and now to
finish it up that's just it so how do we
play that because a hold if I'm not
mistaken in D minor 7 now what's a D
minor 7 I use this little part of my
finger you see from the first joint half
of it actually
and I bar the first two strings on the
first fret so I have both of the two
strings the bottom strings barred on the
first fret and then I put my middle
finger right on the third string on the
second fret so this I don't know I'm not
I found correct because as I said I'm
not a musician I just love what I do and
I help out people so this is a D minor 7
and holding this chord you gotta use
your thumb to play the four string and
then you're gonna go with your index
finger on the third string and then
using your two fingers your middle and
your in you're gonna pluck together the
second and the first so
and then you're gonna lift up your index
fingers but make sure you keep your
middle finger for later and you're not
gonna do a hammer-on pull-off you know
from the previous videos or other
pictures are bound to have an improve on
the second string on the first ring so
after you do that then I'll pull of that
trill you gotta play the third string
where your middle finger is on the 2nd
fret you see how when we know third
string second string third string so
here's that last part from the D minor 7
and then just by itself the third string
the g string which I'm sure it's every
guy's favorite string here's our last
part with a close-up
and repeat
go back to the beginning
and over and over and over you have no
idea how I was playing now I've got a
table right here and I have one that
right here so you can come up with a
close-up okay I think this concludes
this lesson
yeah I think I taught it with the
correct and guys if I have time to make
another video right now it's early in
the morning for me here woken up and I
saw that I didn't have any work except
later in the afternoon so I took the
chance to make a video it's been a long
time since I actually picked up the
guitar because I'm so busy here I'll
come again big shows coming up a lot of
stress to get all my clothes up ready
and stuff like that but let me check out
my time yeah we still have time the
lesson is finished for the guitar and
I'm gonna upload soon enough maybe today
or maybe with this videos another video
which I'm gonna need your support I
actually made a guitar book
instructional method I got this
inspiration because of you guys and the
way you made me feel that my methods or
the way that I play or the things that I
do are quite good so I finished it up
there more than one here and I'm gonna
need for your support when I advertise
this video so if you guys have any way
to think that you might can help me out
that would be really good if one is a
case they let me join up the videos and
don't let anything or anyone
put you down music is for us and for
everyone right even the animals love
music they just sit down and enjoy it
and that's it take care god bless see
you on the next video and I love it when
you guys send with their responses
playing what I taught you so that's a
hint to send more videos take care go
this